Document building with west by default (#16839)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/application/index.rst

into a single application image that can be run on simulated hardware or real
hardware.

> Like with any other CMake-based system, the build process takes place :ref:`in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like any other CMake-based system, the build process takes place :ref:`in
```

> two stages <cmake-details>`. First build files (also known as buildsystem) are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
two stages <cmake-details>`. First, build files (also known as buildsystem) are
```

> two stages <cmake-details>`. First build files (also known as buildsystem) are

Reviewer 2: `First, build files (also known as a build system) are`, I think

Author: I used the CMake terminology here: https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake.1.html#introduction-to-cmake-buildsystems

generated using the ``cmake`` command-line tool while specifying a generator.

> This generator determines which native build tool to generate a buildsystem for.

Reviewer 2: Build system is two words.

Author: See above, CMake uses a single word

> This generator determines which native build tool to generate a buildsystem for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This generator determines the native build tool the buildsystem will use in the second stage.
```

> The second stage consists on running the native build tool to actually build the

Reviewer 2: consists of

Author: Changed to @dbkinder's suggestion instead

> The second stage consists on running the native build tool to actually build the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second stage runs the native build tool to actually build the
```

source files and generate an image. To learn more about these concepts refer to
the `CMake introduction`_ in the official CMake documentation.

As described in :ref:`getting_started_cmake`, you can choose to invoke ``cmake``
directly or to use :ref:`west <west>`, Zephyr's meta-tool, which itself invokes
``cmake`` and the build tool behind the scenes.

> On Linux and macOS you can choose between the ``make`` and ``ninja``

Reviewer 2: Just a random question, not asking for a change, but I notice you put single newlines after sentences sometimes in the documentation. If you don't mean to create separate paragraphs, can I ask why, since they won't render that way in the HTML or PDF?

Author: Completely unintentional, probably just eye candy for me while editing the file.

Reviewer: In ReST, paragraphs are determined by a blank line, so ending a sentence with a newline and starting the next sentence on the next line (with no blank line between them) will still render the two sentences in the same paragraph.

the build system to rebuild the entire application from scratch with the
following procedure:

#. Open a terminal console on your host computer, and navigate to the
   build directory :file:`<home>/app/build`.

#. Enter one of the following commands, depending on whether you want to use
   ``west`` or ``cmake`` directly to delete the application's generated
   files, except for the :file:`.config` file that contains the
   application's current configuration information.

   .. code-block:: console

       west build -t clean

   or

   .. code-block:: console

       ninja clean

>    Alternatively, enter one the following commands to delete *all*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Alternatively, enter one of the following commands to delete *all*
```

   generated files, including the :file:`.config` files that contain
   the application's current configuration information for those board
   types.

   .. code-block:: console

       west build -t pristine

   or

   .. code-block:: console

       ninja pristine

>    If you use west you can take advantage of its capability to automatically

Reviewer 2: west,
